linux/README.md, before:

Linux Client
========

## Download and Install

You can download and install the latest release from the official website at https://www.dev47apps.com/droidcam/linuxx/, along with instructions on how to update the webcam resolution and other info.

All releases are also available here on GitHub at https://github.com/aramg/droidcam/releases

## Building

Download and install latest libjpeg-turbo 2.0.X via:
https://github.com/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turbo/releases

The libjpeg-turbo package should go into `/opt/libjpeg-turbo`.
The official binaries (.deb, .rpm) will automatically install into the correct directory.

Install the following dependencies
```
gtk+-3.0        # Only needed for GUI client
libavutil-dev
libswscale-dev
libasound2-dev
libspeex-dev
libusbmuxd-dev
libplist-dev
```

Run `make`, or `make droidcam-cli` if you skipped installing GTK+, to build the droidcam binaries.

To install, run `sudo ./install`, or, `sudo ./install-dkms` [if your system supports DKMS](./README-DKMS.md).

Commit message:

build: Use pkg-config for all dependencies
Mainly, this will allow us to use libturbojpeg from distribution
package if it is fresh enough.

- Instead of hardcoding paths to `.a` files, we ask pkg-config
  for static linking flags and set the linker to only use
  dynamic linking for a subset of libraries.
  - Not sure if this works with linkers other than GNU ld.
  - It is messy. Ideally, we would use Meson or some other
    build tool that would do this for us.
  - Passing `--static` with `libswscale` and `libavutil`
    adds `-lva-drm -lva -lva-x11 -lva -lvdpau` flags,
    which are unnecessary and do not actually seem to exist
    as static libraries on Ubuntu.
  - libplist is not shipped as static library on Ubuntu,
    which explains why you are linking against one downloaded
    into the source tree.
    - libplist 2.2.0 renamed the .pc file so we need to symlink
      the old one in our vendored dependencies.
  - Apparently, libusbmuxd < 2.0 does not list libplist as
    a dependency so we need to add the linker flag ourselves.
- The programs seem to be 0.2 MB bigger (1.8 → 2.0 MB).

linux/README.md, after:

Linux Client
========

## Download and Install

You can download and install the latest release from the official website at https://www.dev47apps.com/droidcam/linuxx/, along with instructions on how to update the webcam resolution and other info.

All releases are also available here on GitHub at https://github.com/aramg/droidcam/releases

## Building

Download and install latest libjpeg-turbo 2.0.X via:
https://github.com/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turbo/releases

The libjpeg-turbo package should go into `/opt/libjpeg-turbo`.
The official binaries (.deb, .rpm) will automatically install into the correct directory.

Install the following dependencies
```
gtk+-3.0        # Only needed for GUI client
libavutil-dev
libswscale-dev
libasound2-dev
libspeex-dev
libusbmuxd-dev
libplist-dev
```

Set path to the libjpeg’s pkg-config directory, for example using `export PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/opt/libjpeg-turbo/lib64/pkgconfig`.

Run `make`, or `make droidcam-cli` if you skipped installing GTK+, to build the droidcam binaries.

To install, run `sudo ./install`, or, `sudo ./install-dkms` [if your system supports DKMS](./README-DKMS.md).
